readme.md, before:

# **Just Dance Nx Audio Cooker**

## Credits
- [MicoPH](https://github.com/MicoPH/)
- [MZommer](https://github.com/MZommer) - UbiArtPY (few codes have in this script)


## Requirements

---
- [FFMPEG](https://ffmpeg.org) -  ffmpeg.org - [Link](https://ffmpeg.org)
- [VGMStream](https://github.com/vgmstream/vgmstream) - Backup Audio
- [VGAudio](https://github.com/Thealexbarney/VGAudio) - for Nintendo Switch _Opus_ (Note: This Released Version of VGAudio is outdated)

---

## FAQ

#### Q: Can i change the value in `config.json`?

_A: Yes_

#### Q: Is that supported from any platform?

_A: maybe, for cooked pcm but opus didn't supported for nx only_

#### Q:is the format of nintendo opus the same as default opus?

_A:No, because the nintendo opus has a different codes_

#### Q:What Nx means?

_A:the codename on Nintendo Switch_


## Changelog

[Expand](https://github.com/MicoPH/Just-Dance-Nx-Audio-Cooker/blob/main/changelog.md)

---
## Supported Formats
- `.ogg` - Ogg Vorbis
- `.opus` - .opus (ffmpeg)
- `.wav` - Wave (PCM)
- `.mp3` - MPEG Layer 3

---

## Configs Tutorial
### Bitrate Value:
| Bit rate (_kilobytes_) | Config value (_bytes_)|
| :-----| :----------------- |
|64kbps | 64000
|92kbps | 92000
|128kbps | 128000
|256kbps | 256000 
|320kbps | 320000

- `256kbps` is the default _bitrate_ in `opus`
- `320kbps` is the default _bitrate_ in `vorbis`


### Available Modes
|Ubisoft Raki Format| Available Header (config)|
|:-----|:------|
|pcm (.wav) | `default` `header2` `titlepage`|
|Nintendo _opus_ | `default` `header2`|

### Note
In Version 1.5.0 config are available now in Settings _Command 7_

---
### How Just Dance Audio Cooker Works in Games:
|Cook Format| Descrption|
|:------|:-----|
|pcm (.wav)|UI only but not for songs|
|Nintendo _opus_|Most recommended|
|Ogg|Most of mods have use it for easier methods|

----
## Infos & Facts
`audiocooker` works in _Just Dance 2019_ to _Just Dance 2022_ (Nintendo Switch). I haven't tested if it will work in _Just Dance 2017_ and _Just Dance 2018_. This tool is a type of `UbiArt` and format called `Ubisoft RAKI` and Thanks to [MZommer](https://github.com/MZommer)

Commit message:

Version 2.0.0
- [Added Feature] Added filesize difference the previous
- [Added Feature] Added audiotrimmer amb.
    This feature is perfect convert your ambs from JDNEXT to JDU
- [Added Feature] Added Video file support on tkinter
- [Skip Exit] When changed config in Settings are fixed
- [JSON] The pcmMode and opusMode keys are removed and change into number of arrays
        (Default header --> 0)
        (Header 2 --> 1)
- [Fully deleted outputback] from the previous version the folder outputback is always shown is now deleted from this script
- [Backup Config] The filename of the config backup file has fixed datetime format which is includes day format
- [Change header info] Changed title name
        Normal - Default
        Old Header - Header 2
- [Bug Fixed] From some Activity input invalid number exception is hidden
- [Updated JSON Keys] Updated other JSON Keys
- [Added Feature] Added cmdClear on config and settings. "True" by default
- [Update ReadMe]

readme.md, after:

# **Just Dance Nx Audio Cooker**

## Credits
- [MicoPH](https://github.com/MicoPH/)
- [MZommer](https://github.com/MZommer) - UbiArtPY (few codes have in this script but i don't copy a lot)


## Requirements

---
- [FFMPEG](https://ffmpeg.org) -  ffmpeg.org - [Link](https://ffmpeg.org)
- [VGMStream](https://github.com/vgmstream/vgmstream)
- [VGAudio](https://github.com/Thealexbarney/VGAudio) - for Nintendo Switch _Opus_ (Note: This Released Version of VGAudio is outdated)

---

## FAQ

#### Q: Can i change the value in `config.json`?

_A: Yes_

#### Q: Is that supported from any platform?

_A: maybe, for cooked pcm but opus didn't supported for nx only_

#### Q:is the format of nintendo opus the same as default opus?

_A:No, because the nintendo opus has a different codes_

#### Q:What Nx means?

_A:the codename on Nintendo Switch_


## Changelog

[Expand](https://github.com/MicoPH/Just-Dance-Nx-Audio-Cooker/blob/main/changelog.md)

---
## Supported Formats
- `.ogg` - Ogg Vorbis
- `.opus` - .opus (ffmpeg)
- `.wav` - Wave (PCM)
- `.mp3` - MPEG Layer 3
- Video with audio are supported

---

## Configs Tutorial
### Bitrate Value:
| Bit rate (_kilobytes_) | Config value (_bytes_)|
| :-----| :----------------- |
|64kbps | 64000
|92kbps | 92000
|128kbps | 128000
|256kbps | 256000 
|320kbps | 320000

- `256kbps` is the default _bitrate_ in `opus`
- `320kbps` is the default _bitrate_ in `vorbis`


### Available Modes
|Ubisoft Raki Format| Available Header (config)|
|:-----|:------|
|PCM | from `pcmModeData` key are based in list arrays|
|Libopus |  from `pcmModeData` key are based in list arrays|

### Note
In Version 1.5.0 config are available now in Settings _Command 7_
In Version 2.0.0 config are include the `CmdClear` keys

---
### How Just Dance Audio Cooker Works in Games:
|Cook Format| Descrption|
|:------|:-----|
|PCM |UI only|
|Libopus |More efficient than Ogg Vorbis|
|Ogg Vorbis|Most of mods have use it for easier methods|

----
## Infos & Facts
`audiocooker` works in _Just Dance 2019_ to _Just Dance 2022_ (Nintendo Switch). I haven't tested if it will work in _Just Dance 2017_ and _Just Dance 2018_. This tool is a type of `UbiArt` and format called `Ubisoft RAKI`
